Finally appeared, I thought you also disappeared.
I went out on a personal matter,
This is not the place to talk. Let’s go. I’m so unpopular.
Quickly collect your steps and run away!
Liu Zi, don’t you, the Seven Star Sect, not intend to take care of this matter?
What, do you regret it?
I have no regrets. This is because you have killed many people.
He doesn't even spare children, he is really the most heartless.
Okay, okay, you Seven Star Sect will do harm to the people every day.
Act for Heaven, have you really never fought against the principle of continuation and finality?
I do move me
i'm bad realize i
birth and old age
That person's growth
I can't think of this
I have never harmed anyone's life
but i did
It's all for me who died innocently
This snow jade bead is the one you asked Chen Xuan to suppress the people and Zhenda.
If you don't want to die for your son
Then you don't dare to tell me your purpose
I just plan to announce it to my ministers
Use snow jade beads to make deals with him
Also go and accuse Xue Yuzhu and his snow ring
Let him cultivate and scatter in the world from now on
Therefore I will never take another life
Then what should I do?
You said it was okay for me to help my grandpa
you are already dead
Hua Shen Gun
Lived for eighteen years
It's enough to blind the man
you laugh now
If you say no, I don’t know where you are, kid.
Hurry up and teach the knowledge in your hands
Don't talk about your grandpa then
It’s not a problem even if five old people and six people die and have to bear the debt.
Everyone wants this academic residence so much
Then tell me
What on earth is it?
You don't know